Nice job.
The life-saving money you promised me
Take the money and take your children out to sea
Love you sorry
Hahahaha
Ha ha.
Jiang Li, you will have today too.
What do you want to do?
When I said he was chasing you
You pretend to be cold for me
Now negotiate terms with me and I say
You're dying anyway
Let me take a break first, you're crazy
Are you crazy?
I can only find Miss Jiang now
Taken to the southern suburbs
Abandoned industrial area
Can you determine the exact location?
The terrain inside the grass-roots is complicated and there is no way to chase it for the time being
Damn
Find someone to control the White Weak family for me
Don't let them fight
fine
Find a way to get out of their mouths
It's Mr. Shen who handed me the news
Oops dad, don't worry
I will soon become Mrs. Shen
Our Bai family is not the Heisun Ajun in front
Who are you?
Are you dying?
We are from the Shen family
Dad, they must be the Shen family who came to pick me up
So soon?
This Shen family is indeed the number one wealthy family in Haicheng
That's pretty efficient.
Where are you taking us?
Take you to prison
What nonsense are you talking about?
Miss Bai, you have done those good things
Wait until the police station has your chance to speak
Hey, Mr. Wang, hey, hey